Magalie Marcellus: How
Magalie Marcellus: Do
Magalie Marcellus: things going for you.
N817: I got one last week.
Magalie Marcellus: You are
Magalie Marcellus: What happened.
N817: I have like
N817: Must have been like a minor blue, but it's like
N817: I had to laugh or cry or
N817: Like if I ate something my stomach hurt.
Magalie Marcellus: All
N817: Four or five days to go away. So
Magalie Marcellus: You have to see a doctor fired fun
N817: No, I didn't go to the doctor, I had some amoxicillin alone, from what I went to the dentist so it's
N817: Just about three days ago finally cleared up.
Magalie Marcellus: So, how you feeling today.
N817: Or today. I feel great. Good. No.
N817: No smell food.
Magalie Marcellus: isn't getting warmer.
N817: Yeah.
I think it's about
Magalie Marcellus: Spring is almost here.
N817: I'm looking forward to
N817: Exploring
Magalie Marcellus: Things at home with just that bad.
N817: Oh,
N817: Great. I'm very even keel forever.
N817: Or
Magalie Marcellus: Let's go.
N817: complainer about people so much
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, very good.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, he's doing okay.
N817: Yeah, he's still right
N817: Yesterday, we went to the bank that have their own their computers were cool and we're standing in line. And she's like, well, should I just go home. Is that because in here.
N817: Like, oh my god.
N817: Given will come
N817: Back to home. He hates computer
N817: Computers or works.
Magalie Marcellus: He doesn't think they do the right thing.
Yeah.
N817: Won't have a fever. Know the hub see nothing.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
N817: Okay, it's true because you're if the bank's computers go down, they can't do nothing like
N817: Always like write by hand.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. Whoa, no things with technology to have things function better, more effective, but sometimes there's always some difficulty with them so so so given take
Magalie Marcellus: So, has this you're sleeping. I know you said you had those answers increase a little bit so
N817: I wasn't going to bed.
N817: We, the latest is about two o'clock. You know, once you place this week. I went to bed, about to
N817: Get a little bit about nine
N817: I have
N817: A hard time
Falling asleep in Spanish.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay so overall is getting better.
N817: Yeah, I was. If I went to sleep. It wasn't until about seven o'clock in the morning.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, okay.
N817: Toast internal name.
N817: Then that's the day to
N817: Make sense of have taken that step to see why we feel fall asleep at night.
Magalie Marcellus: I
N817: Take that there's a bit
N817: improved a lot better.
Magalie Marcellus: So good.
Magalie Marcellus: So what's the status WITH YOUR MOM. I KNOW YOU SAY YOUR MOM WAS TRYING TO COME UP THIS WEEK.
N817: Yeah, your folk
N817: Um, she would she actually got sick too and
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
N817: What they had her eyes surgery.
N817: It was about a week and a half ago, and the second hide.
N817: And restaurant. She got sick.
N817: And
N817: I called her on a Thursday.
N817: And while I was on the phone with her. She said, Dr called there.
N817: Are white blood cell count was high. So she was calling him about it.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
N817: So I can't carry yesterday. Always from Thursday to
N817: Wednesday.
N817: Was
N817: No different such have no energy at all. It was it was a hassle. Just to get out of bed to go to the bathroom.
N817: It hurt and this and that.
N817: So I was pretty concerned about her.
N817: I talked to the day
N817: I was like, sorry. What are you doing, oh, she's like Oh, I'm getting my hair cut, you must be
Magalie Marcellus: There. Yeah, I'm here.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
N817: So tried to call out
Magalie Marcellus: brother Richard. It's not your
Magalie Marcellus: Mom calling
N817: Here. That was my brother.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so she's, she's feeling better right now.
You said
N817: You can still hear me right
Yeah.
N817: I can barely hear you.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, you can I know sometimes that it changes setting.
Magalie Marcellus: Is that any better.
N817: No, sir, must be on my end.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, cuz I hear you fine.
Magalie Marcellus: Can you hear me better
N817: And I gotta hold it right
N817: There.
Magalie Marcellus: Was yeah you have. Yeah.
N817: Headphones. Let me try, let me plug those and maybe that will help
N817: The call comes mustard, change the settings.
Magalie Marcellus: But also you should always have
Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay Am i hearing you.
Magalie Marcellus: You wanna try log back on.
Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh hello.
N817: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Yes. What happened.
N817: Really get started with the phone went out completely.
Magalie Marcellus: I was off.
N817: I could hear you but you're here.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
N817: I tried a bunch of different things. And then I
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, OK.
Magalie Marcellus: OK, glad that you can get it working again technology woman in their work the next day they don't. So when you get it back together.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. So you are saying that your mom is from better. Has she decided when she's coming down yet or she's still trying to figure out
Magalie Marcellus: Whatever at a medical stuff she's taking
N817: After
N817: This month
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
N817: I haven't really asked. I asked her good yeah because you're supposed to come there, but she
N817: moved around again today.
N817: Here, I didn't really want to bother about when she's
Magalie Marcellus: You hoping sometime this one this month.
N817: Sometime this month.
N817: Oh, what else happened. Oh, I called the gas company to
N817: Get, get the gas turned back on.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
N817: And they told me that
N817: That they couldn't tell me how much the bill was because there's an ongoing investigation into the gas and the callback with 48 hours from, like, well, if you just tell me how much I need to pay. I will pay it.
N817: Seems like when you go
Magalie Marcellus: Back and
Listen, that
Magalie Marcellus: So, so when do you have to call back now.
N817: Mom or color, or be a little bit over 48 hours.
N817: I called
N817: On a call it on the third
Magalie Marcellus: Or so. Okay.
N817: The old four years.
N817: Even though I gave my social security number and all that.
Exactly.
Magalie Marcellus: As is your name on the bill or is it your mom's information.
N817: My name on the bill.
Magalie Marcellus: And your mom.
Magalie Marcellus: And
N817: She wanted me to send them a copy of the lease again.
N817: When
N817: Her daughter, I sent them a copy of the week.
Magalie Marcellus: We
N817: Will have a file and
N817: She's giving me a hard time not there.
N817: I don't the phone that I had that it was
N817: A digital copy like you know what the file or something.
N817: And that stopped working.
Complete so
Magalie Marcellus: Email
Magalie Marcellus: Some all emailing
N817: That's what I was thinking maybe I can go. Hopefully that it's like an old email and my email is still
Magalie Marcellus: From
N817: A gas.
Hopefully,
N817: Lady
N817: I thought they would be happy to get their money they're
Magalie Marcellus: Interested in Fido say that they have an investigation. So I don't know what that means.
Yeah.
N817: Gas with them turned off for like six months.
Magalie Marcellus: Two.
Magalie Marcellus: Months.
N817: I'll call the paid you know it's like to buy remember right last the last three months ago was like
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that was no
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay.
N817: Cuz I had on the budget plan where it was only supposed to be like
Magalie Marcellus: Same a month for the month. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Cuz he was a possible for a year.
N817: And then all of them, one month during the summer. It went way up. I didn't know that it was like a balloon payment or something like that.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
N817: Well, I happen to know like, oh, that's around the budget. They only last so long and it goes
Magalie Marcellus: So it's not the yeah
N817: Yeah, it's not real year
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow. Oh wow, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So definitely, if you're not prepared for that. So no 12pm budget.
Magalie Marcellus: Here is that why think that's cut off because it was more than you can afford.
N817: Yeah, it was, it was more than that. We had that time.
N817: I was gonna be like
N817: $100
N817: Guy come close to 50 and you gotta pay it right now, or I'm gonna
N817: Shut it off.
Magalie Marcellus: And they didn't give any payment always man I
N817: Know,
N817: One knew right then and then
Magalie Marcellus: The full payment.
Walking
N817: With the, what can I give you half of it right now. No, I got it all.
N817: Will probably be
N817: Able my mom was saying I talked to her today. She said that
N817: She's gonna start looking for a bigger house for us.
Magalie Marcellus: To someplace.
N817: Yeah, cuz this house is only a two bedroom.
N817: We need
Magalie Marcellus: This is a two bedroom, three
N817: Bedroom
Magalie Marcellus: Wash, wash it gets there, so she can have her own space.
N817: To have the old
Magalie Marcellus: So, where's your brother.
N817: He lives in Lorain
Magalie Marcellus: Oh hi Fi's that from you.
Magalie Marcellus: Same, same, same town. Oh, you guys each other.
N817: Oh, every once in a while, maybe
N817: every couple months, I might run into
Magalie Marcellus: He's a running on do you guys get together.
N817: Oh,
N817: Basically, you know,
N817: Basically run into him like at my sister's house or
N817: A store.
N817: Where, so I will go down there and see him.
But
N817: He's working at some restaurant that will turn so I have
Magalie Marcellus: Nice getting warm. So where are you with the jobs.
Magalie Marcellus: Looking
N817: They built their home buyers. I don't know if you know
Magalie Marcellus: That those department stores as it goes. So it's, it's
N817: I guess it's like a Walmart.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so yeah okay with other stuff palm stuff.
Here.
N817: You like
N817: Maybe a mile and a half down the road.
N817: Oh, that's going to be opening soon.
Magalie Marcellus: I they take applications.
Yeah.
N817: Five or six for all types of different positions.
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha. Okay.
N817: You know, because the place is huge.
N817: So I'm hoping that I can get in there.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: And it's not too far. So when your mom. Look for the new places. So don't be in the same town.
N817: Oh,
N817: Probably
N817: run down
N817: No.
N817: Water bill is real high here a lot of company, even though we rarely use any. What are the water bill is like $120 a month or something like that.
Magalie Marcellus: That's high
N817: The I seen something on the internet. Just, just the other day where
N817: A bunch of students themselves, Lauren, I get that together. There's two in the water company or high water their prices, you know,
N817: So,
N817: You know, it's, it's ridiculous. What they charge you know and you know we don't even use much water, you know, could we got a little hot water.
Magalie Marcellus: Houses.
N817: Still over $100 a month.
Magalie Marcellus: But the hot water, would I be using like
Magalie Marcellus: Either gas or something. Oh.
N817: Yeah yeah
N817: We have
Magalie Marcellus: Like six
Magalie Marcellus: Months. Okay.
N817: I don't even think they come out and check the alarm. You're actually just, you know, go off of what it was at one time and they charge the same amount
N817: But they're being sued by a bunch of services.
Magalie Marcellus: So that then I get innovators and being older thank
N817: You way overcharged
Magalie Marcellus: All right, so, um, I missed that you had your appointment, you set up your appointment scheduled for end of this month for your psychiatric services. You had mentioned
N817: Barrier
N817: Hold the North
Magalie Marcellus: And then you see
Magalie Marcellus: Supposed to see your primary doctor next week sometime or the week after.
N817: All right. Yeah. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So how do you get to this appointment who takes you there.
N817: Like if it's close.
Magalie Marcellus: To be
Magalie Marcellus: No, he drives
N817: Yeah, but his truck THIS SOMETHING HAPPENED WAS truck in the engine is like
N817: Um,
N817: It's not running on all cylinders, you know it's it's like real loud as
N817: It needs a coil pack or something there. So there's always a couple miles and he'll take me you know like
N817: I was aware there's no way the truck will make that. So I got
N817: Supposedly
N817: They got a radius to where it's like
Magalie Marcellus: 25 miles round trip flight outcome. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Let's finalize it one
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, it's running. So if that's not an option.
Magalie Marcellus: So he can take you to that. So while be other options. So get your appointment.
N817: I'm
N817: My insurance company, the way they say that okay for a cat.
Magalie Marcellus: Know what's transpired. Okay, good. I have I transfer van or they're just send your cab.
N817: I think this is like a regular cab.
Magalie Marcellus: cab company. Okay.
N817: All we do is like take people to doctors and stuff like that.
Magalie Marcellus: And those do you have to reserve it, you have to reserve it early on because
Magalie Marcellus: Sometimes we may need appointment So Adam to come get you. Yeah.
N817: Yeah, you have to call
Magalie Marcellus: Me. Do you need to let them know 24 hours. OK.
Magalie Marcellus: Ok ok so Daniel, you know, by Daniel know whether your step that is available to
Magalie Marcellus: His cries Rodman to drive you correct
N817: Yeah.
N817: Because I went, I want you to
Magalie Marcellus: Miss those appointments, because I know those are takes a while to get those appointments. So I just want you to have other options to make sure that's taken care of.
N817: Yeah, cuz the Lord center.
N817: Over more weight so
Magalie Marcellus: I
Magalie Marcellus: Gotta be why. So definitely, you don't want to
Magalie Marcellus: miss that. Uh huh.
N817: And then
Like
N817: Lady. That would be like a pre screen first
N817: You know, and then like
N817: Uh huh. Like a psychiatrist or something after that.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So, gotcha. Okay. All right. I just have to make sure that you get all those things taken care of so you don't lose Miss disappointment.
Magalie Marcellus: And any concerns since the last time we met any cravings, or any situation that you thought that you know maybe me to think about using anything like that.
Magalie Marcellus: Now I
N817: Have a little
N817: Box.
N817: Know why either like the thought does cross my mind. I know.
N817: You know,
N817: The Suboxone or blocks it cuts out all their from what I read about it in the commercial see it says that it takes away you know all rewarding effects of us an opiate
Magalie Marcellus: Like the high end
N817: Stuff. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But why would you do if you felt that you want it to you. So what would be solved those coping skills that you'll put in effect.
N817: I probably
N817: Will call my mom.
N817: If possible, go outside for a bike ride or something. I gotta play
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, yeah.
N817: I remember it.
N817: Was
Magalie Marcellus: That's good.
Magalie Marcellus: Another that so it's just will be outside of a bit, get some question and get your mind off whatever that you're thinking
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Um,
Magalie Marcellus: So you mentioned your mom of getting a walk, anything else you would do.
Magalie Marcellus: If you can go outside and your mom that available anything in the house that you can do.
N817: Yeah, I got my I got my two little dogs.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh you have dogs. Okay. No. Okay.
All right.
N817: Because
N817: You're waiting for me.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, they're waiting for you to come back.
Magalie Marcellus: So you yeah
Magalie Marcellus: So you're, you're the primary caretaker for them.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you there. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so you're the one. Do you have to walk them or do anything like that.
N817: Later, you know, I just put down on newspapers, we
N817: Look,
N817: Right now I can't afford the people analyze
Magalie Marcellus: The flyers. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: For them to two years.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and you said you have to
N817: Yeah, I got too old.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, they, they seem very docile calm, so that's good. Yeah.
N817: We're good. Well,
Magalie Marcellus: A well trained
N817: They live
N817: Their life revolves around me based
Magalie Marcellus: On that
Magalie Marcellus: gives you something to have to be responsible for
N817: Yeah.
N817: Actually
N817: All they want is affection, a little bit.
Magalie Marcellus: Way and they good company for your tool.
Magalie Marcellus: Is good, right, just in general people and we cover in always tend to may tend to struggle with self esteem. I know we mentioned in the past, you know, some of those
Magalie Marcellus: Concerns that you have with self image and things like that. So, um, the more people someone feel good about themselves, the better they you know chances of success. They haven't
Magalie Marcellus: Recovery. So I just wanted to just say some statement and see whether those things will be things that you would normally
Magalie Marcellus: Think when it comes to have
Magalie Marcellus: Either a positive self esteem or something that may, you know, when you saw the crease your self esteem. So now, if so, do you tend to be
Magalie Marcellus: Or not to stand up for yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: Is that something you would do you think you don't have that. That's not a struggle for you.
N817: To stand up for myself.
N817: Yes, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: You can sign up for yourself. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you. So how do you do that in a way that's not gonna be
Magalie Marcellus: intimating for anybody or any type of question because sometimes it could
Magalie Marcellus: It's the way you stand up for yourself that make it effective on it.
Magalie Marcellus: So how would you, if you are in a situation where you feel you need to stand up for yourself. How do you make that determination.
N817: Really, I haven't been in that position, a long, long time.
N817: Like
N817: I guess sometimes I do pass. A lot of times on passes, you know, unless it's like really like you know someone sitting here, I have to say somewhere.
N817: Then, like I would say somewhere, but most of the time, you know, just act like I don't see what care what what's going on.
N817: And just go about doing whatever else.
Magalie Marcellus: So, so you would ignore the situation.
N817: Yeah, mostly just a normal situation.
Magalie Marcellus: Instead of standing up for yourself. So you sent to you would. It would have to be a situation where you feel that you can't ignore it, then that's when you would set up yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so in those situation.
Yeah. Besides that,
N817: I'm really a
Magalie Marcellus: Passive person you know you with people.
N817: But, you know, up here. I don't really have no friends, you know, so I don't get put in like the only person that I deal with nowadays, as you know, my step dad at home.
Magalie Marcellus: It's my sister's house, you know,
N817: Know like don't do like stuff like, you know, come over, like do like lock, lock your bedroom door like put stuff up, you know, while I'm there. Like, I'm going to steal something from
N817: I see what you're doing. Don't bring it up.
Magalie Marcellus: Has there been any
Magalie Marcellus: Incident where you take something away from them that they feel that they need to
Magalie Marcellus: Make sure they protect their own
Magalie Marcellus: Things when you're around
N817: No, no, that's, that's what like irritates me
N817: Like I've ever did do anything like that.
N817: You know, my brother in law. He's such a nervous, like you think everybody's out to get old and repair law.
N817: Even here and I'm known for 15 years
N817: So, you know, like they do weird stuff like that. Like, I don't
Magalie Marcellus: Know, but I'm just having some buddies. Is it like that for everybody, or do you so that is targeted towards you, because they know that you have substance.
N817: Yes, targeted towards me.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so how come you never said anything about it. What do you think would happen if you bring it up to them.
N817: They would just lie and say say that, um,
N817: You know, like
N817: They want to keep the kids out of there or something, you know,
N817: They, you know, I've never brought it up because, you know, but it is kind of annoying, but since I'm not in that mindset. Anyways, like I'm not, I don't go over to try to rip them off. Right.
Magalie Marcellus: And it's
N817: It's kind of comical, in a way, you know,
A little irritated and it's quite
N817: Funny. At the same time, you know, cuz you know over the last 15 years, you know, if I wanted to rip them off or ripped him off. You know, steal his money or whatever, you know, I've had thousands of chances to do it.
N817: Never happened but
N817: He still acts like
Magalie Marcellus: I said just them, but I know as a sister that she noticed that or
N817: Like
N817: Yes, basically just him, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: He taught the kids to do to so like if
N817: If he's not home.
Magalie Marcellus: My nieces.
N817: Are there and they let me
Magalie Marcellus: Go to my sister is in his room.
Magalie Marcellus: door locks shut it when
Magalie Marcellus: I would have a conversation with your system if it bothers you.
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe she doesn't even know that's been done and if she does know you know I would want to know why they feel that they need to act that way because you're around if you haven't done anything to give them an impression that you would do anything to
Magalie Marcellus: You know, take their belongings without their permission.
Yeah.
N817: You know, like I try you know like when I go there, you know, I just want to go over there and like there's no used to shower.
N817: Oh, I try not to really, you know,
N817: ruffle any feathers.
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Definitely
Magalie Marcellus: That would be one of the ways like if you feel that you need to stand up for yourself what you bill for whatever reason you can so that may, you know, sometimes that would work.
Magalie Marcellus: In a way that's
Magalie Marcellus: Putting yourself in a similar position where you're not feeling good about yourself because you may have in your head that okay, things are going on, but I don't feel the courage to stand up for myself. So that's one of the
Magalie Marcellus: Incident where people would feel that they self esteem is not to where they wanted to be. But, um, but do you feel that you have a good sense of well being and that you respect yourself for the most fun
N817: Oh,
N817: doing really good
Magalie Marcellus: Can
N817: I gave myself a lot of credit for you know staying on the program.
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
N817: And I can see small improvements in my life, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Or gradual, you know,
N817: My wife's getting better.
N817: Not still going down hill. I don't know.
So,
I think that's a good thing.
Magalie Marcellus: Absolutely. So
Magalie Marcellus: What would be one of the major progress you notice in yourself.
No one, you know, not needing to wake up and spend my whole day searching on drugs.
Magalie Marcellus: Much time so many years.
N817: It didn't matter if it's from
Magalie Marcellus: That was your focus for the day Chantelle to look for a job.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
That's the main focus
Magalie Marcellus: Now is a big weight off my shoulders over not have that be, like, like the number
One thing on my mind.
And I can actually start thinking about other stuff. I'm looking forward to spring.
And I'm looking forward to my mom coming back.
N817: And just trying to have a normal life.
Magalie Marcellus: Absolutely. There's a definite improvement because they have you better a better outlook on life and
Magalie Marcellus: Putting yourself in a position where you can really be successful.
Yeah.
N817: And I got another brother up here, Scott, we were raised.
Magalie Marcellus: I didn't know
N817: He's really, he's really the guy like
N817: I used to come. Like I stayed in Ohio for a couple of years. When I first met my father. I went back for
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
N817: appear at first to put me to work all the time, you know, take me 100 trips
Magalie Marcellus: But
N817: Then when I would come up here for our call it vacation.
N817: You know, put me up at one of his car washes and I would like
Magalie Marcellus: My books there.
Magalie Marcellus: Like
N817: Around the building, you know, and he trusted me fully stacks of money and stuff laying everywhere and
Magalie Marcellus: I know that
N817: I took some quarters out of a box for coffee by Rhode Island, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: But so I was Scott
N817: He lives in Parma. Well, actually.
N817: He's a firefighter. And part of Allah, and he he has three carwash is a one.
N817: But his house is out here in Rome.
N817: Only about five or six miles away from my house. He built the house so big piece of land.
Magalie Marcellus: But
N817: He's so busy that
You know,
N817: He won't have time to, like, come get me to like
N817: Something that I was able to get to where he was, you know, it's one of the carwash to work.
Every time he would put me to work.
N817: He goes on but you know he doesn't bust my chops for smoking cigarettes or
Magalie Marcellus: Have you had any recent contact with them.
N817: Oh right before Christmas.
Okay.
N817: Yeah, yours too. Okay.
N817: No.
N817: I lost my job several months.
Magalie Marcellus: And
N817: Days later, I got a letter in the middle for loans and it had $100 bill and
Really
Magalie Marcellus: Hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: So what would be a resourceful. If there's possibility for you to get a one of those job. Would that be something you would consider
N817: Oh yeah yeah like
What
Magalie Marcellus: What well be a challenge for me. I'm getting a job with him right now.
N817: Transportation
Magalie Marcellus: Transportation. Gotcha. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh. Okay. So, did you ever have a driver's license.
N817: Yeah.
N817: I got a call.
N817: I got to find out. I know I gotta go to court.
N817: Go from a judge.
N817: Like two years ago there was a roadblock by the college and I thought it was a car accident or silver
Magalie Marcellus: You know cuz it was
N817: Out there with like the columns wave of people and I thought it was like a car accident.
N817: I try to go
N817: And I pulled in a parking lot. Well, it ended up being was a DUI checkpoint. So I can pull it over and
N817: My license was
N817: Like three or four years so
Magalie Marcellus: What's the Spanish
Magalie Marcellus: Like
N817: They say they said it was invalid.
Magalie Marcellus: So it was not active
Yeah, there
N817: With that really they ended up telling the car and they can do walk from
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, and
N817: I got a letter from the court say
N817: They were going to suspend my license until I came to court and what for the exam. It's about you try with no valid license and going around the checkpoint, which I didn't know what
Magalie Marcellus: Was that
N817: About two years.
Magalie Marcellus: Two years so you never made it to quite
Magalie Marcellus: Goals. Yeah.
N817: Not having a license. So I bought a car. Last year, but I couldn't couldn't tag or nothing since I didn't have my license. I
Magalie Marcellus: Know my
real name.
Magalie Marcellus: Definitely the license with a big on
Magalie Marcellus: One block.
Magalie Marcellus: Get into places. So whatever you can do to start saving and getting that you take on taking care of that be one of the
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: One of the best thing you can do
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I want to work through this. We're working so but you said the last time you're working with somebody taking the job at the time last year when you were working
N817: Know, I could walk there so
Magalie Marcellus: I was that close. OK.
N817: For five minutes to walk there.
Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: And maybe, you know, you get a chance to work with that new process, open it up and save some money to work towards getting a license back
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's what
N817: I've worked in retail stores before
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, good. Mm hmm. Then once you have, you know, work on getting your license. So once you have that thing. Yeah. Ma possibilities of way. You want to walk and other things that you can get saturated with that.
N817: Yeah, because without occur.
N817: Really didn't know what they don't
Magalie Marcellus: You are
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so you have very limited in terms of what you can do and then you realize you have to rely on other people to get you around. So that's always a difficult and
Magalie Marcellus: Hopefully next time we meet you have an idea when you're mankind and because I know you want your mom to come and see if they have that support.
N817: Happy
N817: Probably
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's been a while since you said you know you've been with them for a long time. So, yeah.
N817: Besides, when I was 18 when I met my father and I came up here for a couple years, the rest of the time I was with my mom.
Magalie Marcellus: So I made you go back to mom.
Magalie Marcellus: And dad.
N817: For
Magalie Marcellus: Some
N817: Issues.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
N817: He likes to try to
N817: Like make me feel bad about myself or call me.
Magalie Marcellus: Say it wasn't a positive environment for you.
N817: Know like like actually
N817: One one year. Well, the reason I really left. What was the straw that broke the camel's back was one time we got together and let's learn time
N817: And I just got done here in my car and I get out and I meet on
Smells
N817: And he grabs me throws me in the snow and draws back like punch me and I said, You better not do that.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, I could see his eyes, you know,
N817: And luckily he didn't hit me what that was like broken
Magalie Marcellus: Say is getting to a point to be violent.
Magalie Marcellus: How are you, then
N817: Maybe
Magalie Marcellus: I'll tell you, I'm a young adult and the time
N817: There.
N817: Was never in my life, sounds like he
Magalie Marcellus: Would just
Magalie Marcellus: Make me do whatever he wants to play that way.
Magalie Marcellus: Because he already at that age. Your William adult so
Magalie Marcellus: He'll be difficult to
Magalie Marcellus: To come to some as I've been starting to make certain laws, when it was India on some
N817: Other terms even be nice, good, good.
N817: So when I am around them, but I really got to watch what I say and do
N817: Like the first day that I got to Ohio and we went to my grandma had a trucking station.
N817: We go walk in and he sees a cigarette butt on the ground and it's the first day that in the body. And as we walk in the door. He sees this guy named Tim
N817: And he grabbed some by the neck of Sam's until wall and I told you about put cigarette butts out outside that door. You know, there was a cat out there.
Magalie Marcellus: It can
N817: And over one cigarette. You know, he grabs this if a guy by the neck Sampson and so the wall.
Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: That scare you, because you were just getting your we acquainted with them.
N817: definitely made me
N817: Realize what my mom said was true, you know,
He was, he is crazy here most of the time.
N817: So I rarely watch what I say in
Magalie Marcellus: My
N817: Life in your porch near image of his life, he will
Let you know
Magalie Marcellus: disapprove.
Magalie Marcellus: Or less fortunate.
Magalie Marcellus: And anyway, we need to answer any last word or last question, you will need to address before we finish.
Magalie Marcellus: Good.
Sorry, I was late.
Magalie Marcellus: Last. Okay, I know the
Magalie Marcellus: Virtual clinic. I don't know a little bit back up to date. So, but
Magalie Marcellus: So you I sent you the reminder. But I want you to also to keep a reminder, because I know how we get messed up because you supposed to be on Wednesdays, because I have your my calendar for Wednesday's so I'm gonna I'm gonna
N817: check my email today.
Magalie Marcellus: I see. So you probably when you check it. So I see. So you because you check it today. So you assume it is today. But it was from yesterday.
Magalie Marcellus: That's what happened in. Yeah.
N817: I have a reminder about your appointment today at six right next to that it's
N817: Always nice
Magalie Marcellus: And then I emailed you back because you know he sees it.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Okay, next time. Yeah, but I try to send a reminder, the day of the appointment, sometimes you know I may get busy. I mean, I have a chance but
Magalie Marcellus: Just also keep a put a reminder on your phone or somewhere that you have an idea when your appointment is, but I'm going to keep it back on Wednesdays, because that's the best for me right now.
Magalie Marcellus: So it'd be Wednesday six o'clock SEO was that was your original appointment.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'll be there in two weeks, the Wednesday, March 18
Magalie Marcellus: At six o'clock.
N817: I wrote it down this time.
N817: So much paperwork and my
Magalie Marcellus: Jordan Yeah, I know.
Magalie Marcellus: Better if you can, if you can put it on the phone to add maybe you get a second reminder. So sometimes the phone will give you that notification.
Magalie Marcellus: So to keep you on track with your appointments. Okay. Well, hopefully, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Your mom has a plan. So in in that you can get something worked out with the gas company.
Magalie Marcellus: Soon, so you can have some kind of basic country.
Magalie Marcellus: Mom.
It was rough.
Magalie Marcellus: I can imagine. Yeah, so definitely hopefully
Magalie Marcellus: It can work that out with them.
N817: Electric space heaters.
Mobile
Magalie Marcellus: Right, right. Because you run a, you have to run it on a regular basis. So anyway, I do have another appointment. So let me let you go. So we have you for the at and if anything happens with for before that, which are two virtual connect and they can. I can try to figure that out for you. Okay.
N817: Okay, well, you have a good
Magalie Marcellus: Year to take care of yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: Connected today. Yeah, okay.
Kari Swafford: Yeah, no problem. Yeah.
Kari Swafford: Well,
Kari Swafford: I'm at the corner table in my local Burger King.
Magalie Marcellus: Ain't no Wi Fi. You have your, your blog and everything.
Kari Swafford: Yeah, I have my ear buds in
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. All right.
Magalie Marcellus: Bill. Wow.
Um,
Kari Swafford: I've been through a lot really
Kari Swafford: See Matt and I
Kari Swafford: Aren't together right now at this point.
Kari Swafford: He's still got like two or three months left to do, but I don't really consider us together. He's not growing. He's not changing, he's just being that, even while he's locked up. So I'm just leaving him where he's at.
Magalie Marcellus: All my daughter's doing
Kari Swafford: She's doing really well.
Kari Swafford: I'm still working on my new house.
Kari Swafford: I have a regular job that I do.
Kari Swafford: Well, it's one of them's on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at the wheelhouse downtown and then across the street from the wheelhouse. There's a church. Well, it's not a practicing church anymore, but they're utilizing the the office space to and some time of scientists
Kari Swafford: Scientists scientific company downtown. They're using the church office area for their offices until their warehouse is renovated, I guess.
Magalie Marcellus: So I yeah
Kari Swafford: I clean the church offices and the wheelhouse like
Kari Swafford: I'm at the wheelhouse Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And then I'm going to
Kari Swafford: Church on Tuesday.
Kari Swafford: So say pretty. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: It's pretty busy.
Kari Swafford: Yeah, and I make like 1385 an hour while I'm there. So,
Kari Swafford: I make good money while a man's
Magalie Marcellus: Face Time.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Kari Swafford: It's a, it's a pretty awesome little regular gig. You know what I mean.
Magalie Marcellus: I think
Kari Swafford: At all. So that's really good.
Magalie Marcellus: So you work like five days now.
Kari Swafford: Yeah. And then I still try and volunteer at least one night a week. I haven't really been
Magalie Marcellus: I think I'm on my
Kari Swafford: Face. Yeah, I think I've only maybe been there once in the past two weeks. And that really kind of bums me out from my schedule is just so crazy. Like, I can't
Kari Swafford: Because my body. You know, I still have my my other jobs that I do like that or like my clean out and all the other type of work that I used to do before I had my regular weekly
Kari Swafford: Wow, so I so
Magalie Marcellus: What do you make, how do you make the time
Kari Swafford: Yeah, that I haven't been doing that very well.
Kari Swafford: Like, I, I, I knew I was getting kind of burnout. But I didn't really realize how burnt out. I, I kind of really was getting
Kari Swafford: So,
Kari Swafford: I did boss that like I'm not, I'm not working every single day of the week, like I have to have at least one whole day off for me, you know, like what I don't
Kari Swafford: I don't have to get up in the
Kari Swafford: Morning and just be like to be somewhat specific yeah
Kari Swafford: On a dead run every
Kari Swafford: Like on Tuesday in the morning I have group.
Kari Swafford: So Ryan does. That's my morning. That's what I do. That morning and then I have the church that afternoon and then like this week I had another job that I had to go do after to church.
Kari Swafford: And like they were expecting the photographers to come in the next morning. She was like, oh nice white down. Yeah, right.
Magalie Marcellus: She find that's not just
Kari Swafford: A white town. Yeah, she said, it's just a white down okay I get there and
Kari Swafford: Then probably layer upon layer upon layer of like plastered dust where they save standard all the walls and Reese and and painted them. And there's carpet. There she never said anything about a vacuum cleaner.
Magalie Marcellus: Really
Kari Swafford: You said it's just a wipe down a real quick. In and out. You'll be done in two hours. I had two hours in the kitchen.
Magalie Marcellus: Just one area.
Kari Swafford: Yeah, we use. There's no way you're going to get all that does all that and the walls and the windows and the blind and the, I mean, come on.
Magalie Marcellus: So then
Magalie Marcellus: Then
Magalie Marcellus: Why was needed.
Kari Swafford: Yeah, so I ended up having to go back to the next morning.
Kari Swafford: And
Kari Swafford: Finish that and then I had another job that I had to do there is
Kari Swafford: Good. Give me something to do on Thursday.
Kari Swafford: I told her I was like you. You've got to lighten up on the a little bit him like, at first I was good for me because it was keeping me busy like to
Kari Swafford: Write about. I wasn't thinking about Matt and and all that shit.
Kari Swafford: You know what I mean.
So,
Kari Swafford: For a little while it was good but now it's just it's starting to become too much.
Magalie Marcellus: And right
Magalie Marcellus: And they have some be able to say no to certain things.
Magalie Marcellus: Once you noticing that you're getting overwhelmed.
Kari Swafford: Yeah, and I'm afraid to tell her. No, you know what I mean, because she is my boss and she is good.
Kari Swafford: But I'm not doing one
Magalie Marcellus: You need self care.
Kari Swafford: Right, so I think she's still use a lot of it like when Matt was home met with with me to work. It was both
Ah,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, definitely.
Kari Swafford: Yeah, so now you're doing a job for two with one by myself.
Kari Swafford: You know, so like one of those white down quickly now it's wouldn't be such a big deal. Was it not
Magalie Marcellus: If it was so
Kari Swafford: Yeah, but it's not
Magalie Marcellus: Then definitely he has some yellow
Magalie Marcellus: Be my understanding with that because
Magalie Marcellus: I know
Magalie Marcellus: The two of you.
Magalie Marcellus: Again, the good part at least you you get something to keep you busy.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and that's
Magalie Marcellus: You know, get your focus on other
Kari Swafford: Things and it helps with my pain.
Kari Swafford: And you know what I mean. So that's always a good thing.
Magalie Marcellus: That's the word
Kari Swafford: I suppose. Right.
Kari Swafford: But you know your body
Magalie Marcellus: To be able to
Magalie Marcellus: That, well, we went to pay bills.
Magalie Marcellus: But, but then again you know your body after a while your body would shut down if you over and
Magalie Marcellus: Doing it so. So yeah, there has to be I
Kari Swafford: Feel like I feel like I'm really, really burnt out, and then like I had
Kari Swafford: A relapse over the weekend, like I was it and a really old friend like I've known this guy since kindergarten, pretty much, and like you're all just sitting around and we were talking and the next thing I know, I just looked down and I realized I just hit, hit this this ball. And I'm like,
Kari Swafford: Really, I got it. And I looked around and I'm like,
Kari Swafford: Did I just really do that.
Magalie Marcellus: Like it was second mainly I
Kari Swafford: didn't even think about it just, it was a hit my hand and next thing I knew I was sitting there and I had already hit it, and I'm like, What in the hell.
Kari Swafford: I mean,
Magalie Marcellus: And, but, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: So what did you do when you realize that you
Kari Swafford: Well, it's what did I do
Kari Swafford: Mm hmm. I, at that point, I said, to hell with it and I hit it again. Okay, committed
Okay.
Kari Swafford: When it came time to either a wake up and be like crap and go to work.
Kari Swafford: And deal with what I brought on or
Kari Swafford: My been
Kari Swafford: Go get more speed and get high again and whoo off to the races. No, no, like crap and I went to work and I wouldn't took my urine and held myself accountable for it.
Kari Swafford: You know i mean i i'm not gonna, I'm not going to beat myself up over it because it was
Kari Swafford: It was a really big eye opener for me.
Kari Swafford: I guess something that I needed to realize I'm not necessarily as far as I thought I was like
Kari Swafford: Oh, happy.
Magalie Marcellus: Way. Yes, I asked, Sean.
Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: And that's because sometimes we get
Kari Swafford: We get
Magalie Marcellus: Please send anything. Okay, I got this.
Magalie Marcellus: Then you end up in a situation. Okay, all of the sudden you try to figure out
Magalie Marcellus: What just happened.
Kari Swafford: Like, you know, I was just, I was just sitting here. We were just talking about like second nature. You know what I mean, it was like I had
Kari Swafford: When I realized what I like.
Kari Swafford: Wow, like I didn't
Kari Swafford: I guess I didn't really realize how susceptible. I
Magalie Marcellus: Saw me
Kari Swafford: You know what I mean, like,
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Kari Swafford: And it just but it was, I think, like I said, I think it was a much needed eye opener for me enemy number one, it just
Magalie Marcellus: A lesson.
Kari Swafford: It was a it was a big lesson and where I'm at, with my recovery.
Kari Swafford: Yes, I have came in a long, long, long way. But, as you said, I think maybe I've gotten complacent and I just took for granted.
Kari Swafford: Where I'm at with it all and
Kari Swafford: And you know, I guess I allow myself to be in the situation. Number one,
Kari Swafford: You know what I mean, that was my first mistake is just being in that situation.
Kari Swafford: But
Kari Swafford: I guess just realizing how easily a relapse can happen.
Magalie Marcellus: To me, because
Magalie Marcellus: It was
Kari Swafford: Really just that close like I really could have made the choice when I woke up that morning feeling like crap to go the other way.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so get you to feel better.
Kari Swafford: Yeah.
Kari Swafford: And that's scary. You know what I mean.
Kari Swafford: Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: But what's important that you realize what happened and that you
Took
Magalie Marcellus: responsibility for your actions.
Kari Swafford: Right. And that, that's how you grow because
Magalie Marcellus: It was again. Sometimes it's easy to say, well, you know, you have to stay away from certain
Kari Swafford: Right, people
Magalie Marcellus: Places things and then you
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: And after you feel well maybe it's not so bad.
Magalie Marcellus: Then all of a sudden
Kari Swafford: Like
Kari Swafford: With Dr. Davis and like I told the whole group like I didn't
Kari Swafford: Know when we're off to the side like it was
Magalie Marcellus: Something
Kari Swafford: I discussed with the group. You know what I mean.
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe something they can learn from to I
Kari Swafford: Mean
Kari Swafford: It's something that can happen to each and every one of it.
Magalie Marcellus: So anybody
Kari Swafford: Look at you.
Kari Swafford: We all get complacent.
Kari Swafford: In our recovery. Yes.
Kari Swafford: Yeah, and I think
Kari Swafford: There's some points that all of us take where we are for granted.
Kari Swafford: You know what I mean. So
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Again,
Magalie Marcellus: Applauded you you did you know you didn't stay when you made the slip up, you didn't pay their you pick up and get my backup and
Kari Swafford: Keep moving. Right. And I did.
Kari Swafford: I meant to ask Dr. Jamison, but I
Kari Swafford: Never do remember. Has anyone heard from Dr. Malik.
Kari Swafford: Like I know he's not
Magalie Marcellus: That's a good question. Yeah, cuz I don't know which country and when are you still there.
Magalie Marcellus: I haven't had any update myself and I kind of forgot to even I suppose my the supervisor will be the only one to know if there's any update, but now
Magalie Marcellus: I don't know if his if his back, or has anything
Kari Swafford: If you ever happen to think about asked in your supervisor.
Kari Swafford: Yeah.
I was just wondering
Kari Swafford: Yeah, everything, everything other than that.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, you're, you're maintaining. So tell me about what happened with that because I don't even realize that he was
Kari Swafford: Incarcerated or what. Yeah. Matt went to prison and LIKE HE WAS IN MADISON AND THEN him and I were arguing, blah, blah. Whatever we always argue eat calls home six times a day and asked me what I'm doing. And then he gets mad when I tell me what I'm doing.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: So he doesn't really want
Kari Swafford: It.
Magalie Marcellus: So then what happened.
Kari Swafford: Nothing, it's just, he wants to call them and argue with me all the time.
Kari Swafford: And I don't
Kari Swafford: Have time for that.
Kari Swafford: And then
Kari Swafford: Like he beat some guy up and I guess broke the guy's elbow or whatever and went to the hole and the hole for like 40 days or something like that. And I guess went from a level one to level three.
Magalie Marcellus: So they re
Kari Swafford: Entry level and all this other stuff and like that just tells me that much not doing anything growing, it's just
Magalie Marcellus: Been so you guys been together for a while so
Kari Swafford: Almost two years.
Magalie Marcellus: But I mean, it's just, okay,
Kari Swafford: So show me is gonna start growing like I don't
Kari Swafford: Know we weren't really getting along all that great.
Magalie Marcellus: Before. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So okay, so so that made even
Magalie Marcellus: More challenging because
Magalie Marcellus: I mean, who doesn't need
Kari Swafford: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Have you
Magalie Marcellus: Does he know where you stand with a relation to Spain right now or are you doing
Magalie Marcellus: Did you tell him.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, or do you think he knows
Magalie Marcellus: Did you verbalize that so ham.
Kari Swafford: And why was this was
Kari Swafford: He know that he knows he's got to work on him.
Kari Swafford: Okay.
But
Magalie Marcellus: Does he know where you guys are in the relationship, whether
Magalie Marcellus: That how you feel about the relationship right now.
Kari Swafford: Yeah, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: You don't know.
Magalie Marcellus: So is he saying that he's going to work on themselves, so you guys can work on your relationship.
Kari Swafford: He said he's gonna work on show he's gonna show me he's going to do this, do that, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Kari Swafford: And then the actions.
Kari Swafford: Like when he comes home. I'll see what he does, you know,
Kari Swafford: Yeah, it's not going to take long.
Kari Swafford: You know, I mean,
Kari Swafford: Usually within about somebody coming home. You know what they're going to do.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, sometimes when they're in there. They may have time to self reflect and they may take
Magalie Marcellus: A look up and you can make
Magalie Marcellus: Some changes.
Kari Swafford: And you can tell the first week, their home, whether they show
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Kari Swafford: No, absolutely. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: So Dan was, what do you expect when he comes back.
Kari Swafford: Not much.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So what does that look for you.
Kari Swafford: It looks like I need to just go ahead and let it go like, I happen. You know what I mean like I just
Kari Swafford: Like he
Magalie Marcellus: Was I hear some a little bit that you a little bit ambivalent
Kari Swafford: He might saw me something different, but
Kari Swafford: I really don't think he will. I mean,
Magalie Marcellus: So you want one. One is, how long does he have to come back.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so before you know that the time is up. So he's back he's in a house. So then
Kari Swafford: What's wrong. No, he's not coming back in the house.
Magalie Marcellus: So why is it gone
Kari Swafford: Mom, Dad.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so what was it before, when he was
Kari Swafford: Taken away.
Magalie Marcellus: So you guys were in the same house all day.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay. But does he know you don't want him come back in a house when he get release.
Magalie Marcellus: You still
Magalie Marcellus: Owe
Kari Swafford: Doesn't know that I'm working on my house.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, okay. Well that's changing the dynamic. So, okay, well, then it's not like he's coming to wherever he was before.
Magalie Marcellus: So really,
Magalie Marcellus: You have the the controlling of the situation whether you want to allow him to come to the new the new place.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so
Magalie Marcellus: But in the meantime, I guess, you know, you have to see how things work with them and what is he doing for himself before you would make a decision for him to come
Kari Swafford: You can
Magalie Marcellus: Come back in
Kari Swafford: A lot about a person
Kari Swafford: How they react to something they don't like.
Kari Swafford: Oh,
Kari Swafford: Yeah.
Kari Swafford: I know Matt doesn't like the bat.
Kari Swafford: That he's not coming home to live with me. And we're not going to be together and all those who wrapped up. I know doesn't like that.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so that's all I was asking you. What was his reaction does he know that
Kari Swafford: But he really well.
Magalie Marcellus: Causes for someone
Magalie Marcellus: Right, because
Kari Swafford: He has nice way.
Kari Swafford: Now he's not being mean to me. He's not
Kari Swafford: Kidding. He's not blowing me up all the time, yelling, screaming at me.
Kari Swafford: They'll call me about once a week and we have a good conversation. And we just leave that people pushing
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: But he knows that you moved out and he's not going to the place
Kari Swafford: He knows. Yeah.
Kari Swafford: We don't have that house anymore.
Magalie Marcellus: And all that. Okay. All right. Well, maybe again maybe he has time to reflect and really want to make some positive changes.
Magalie Marcellus: In his life. I hope you
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm. But like you say that, please. Again we he needs to show that he's making that commitment to change before you guys can kind of reconnect again and that way.
Magalie Marcellus: Because it's not like you. You have to take him.
Magalie Marcellus: Because this is where this money. The only place the hat.
Kari Swafford: Now he has right
Magalie Marcellus: So you're someone
Magalie Marcellus: He has his other places you can go. So then, really, there's no reason to kind of rush
Magalie Marcellus: Things you can take your time to see where it goes and whether he's ready to commit
Kari Swafford: And like I said, you can tell a lot about a person and what they're going to do the first week or home.
Kari Swafford: You know, I've been that person no time.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: But not was is struggling with substance, ahem spousal wasn't some other issues he
Kari Swafford: Had relapse there at the end and was hiding it from me, you know,
Kari Swafford: I kind of, I kind of known a you know what I mean.
Kari Swafford: I just never really called him on it. I guess you could say.
Magalie Marcellus: So you notice on the behavior changes, but you just never really
Kari Swafford: Had that
Kari Swafford: I mean, I called him on it, but I never like
Kari Swafford: Put it out there. Put it out there like are you calling and letting life you know and i mean
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: I what I face. It sounds like you know, you know what, how you want things to be in, you know, you do have some control over what happens next, because it's not like
Magalie Marcellus: He has
Magalie Marcellus: You know, Willie that many choices in terms only comes to you and him so you can decide whether you want him to be part of this.
Kari Swafford: Relationship and what I might be like
Magalie Marcellus: What why
Kari Swafford: I feel like he does have as many choices in it as I do, because he knows what I want what I expect
Kari Swafford: So if
Kari Swafford: That being the case, then he knows. You know what I mean. And
Kari Swafford: What he wants to do it.
Kari Swafford: You know if
Magalie Marcellus: He has to work towards that. Yeah.
Kari Swafford: You know, and I mean it really
Kari Swafford: Is that simple. At the end of the day, so
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you know, again, he is right now. You still need to be released. Then when he does get released and we'll see what he what he what he does. What are the actions.
Magalie Marcellus: That is showing you to make you feel that
Magalie Marcellus: You know, he hasn't been
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: But in the meantime, come
Kari Swafford: To come home on that line sneaking shit like he was before he went
Kari Swafford: On bush and you know what I mean, like, I'm not even going to do with it.
Magalie Marcellus: So what made you decide to move from where you were.
Kari Swafford: We had moved. She we were on bones three and then we had left Bolton Street.
Kari Swafford: And we were staying at a
Kari Swafford: Place where with his boss for a while and then when he went to prison. Like I moved out of there and got my boy.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, gotcha.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: You say you're working on your place. So did you have to do some
Kari Swafford: Maintenance
Kari Swafford: It was a man there is broken windows. It was full of other people. They had a job. They had no cleaning skills.
Magalie Marcellus: That pays
Kari Swafford: It.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm not in my little cousin.
Kari Swafford: My landlord owns that house too so
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, he was a fixer
Kari Swafford: Guy down the street from my little cousin tell so
Magalie Marcellus: That worked out for you.
Magalie Marcellus: Like sounds like it needs a lot of work.
Kari Swafford: Done. But you know what it
Kari Swafford: Mine at the end of the day.
Kari Swafford: I'm the only one that put the work into it.
Kari Swafford: I'm the only one doing it and
Kari Swafford: The new day my house.
Magalie Marcellus: True right
Magalie Marcellus: So you took the initiative to get your own space all
Magalie Marcellus: Right, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So, and I
Kari Swafford: Have I I made it very blatantly clear to Matt that like, This is my house, you will not ever come like try to come home and be like, oh, this is my house. No.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, I wasn't decided on both of you. It was
Kari Swafford: You know yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So never
Magalie Marcellus: And yeah, he would need to respect that. Because, absolutely you around.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, when you went in.
Magalie Marcellus: get this all done so.
Kari Swafford: So maybe like
Magalie Marcellus: You're frozen.
Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Please note that email was sent to the patient. So let her know that
Magalie Marcellus: There was no response. So
Magalie Marcellus: Patient so call contact me see to schedule your appointment. Thank you.